Alright
here's your next exercise. I want you to write a function called show numbers
that takes a parameter called limit. So we pass a number here,
like 10, and when we call this function, we should call all the numbers
from 0 to the number we supplied as the limit.
Now next to each number if that number is even we should
display the even number, otherwise we should display odd. It's a fairly
easy exercise. Pause the video, spend a few minutes, and when you're done come back,
continue watching.
So here we need a for loop,
we set our i variable to 0,
and as long as i is less than or equal to this limit
we're going to run this loop, and in every iteration we'll increment i.
Now here we need to check if i is an even
number or not. So if i module is 2,
= 0, display console
.log, of i, and as the second
argument we pass even, otherwise,
we do a console.log of i
and odd. Now there is another way to write this program,
so instead of having to separate console.log statements,
we can do something like this. We can declare a
constant, call it message, and here we can use the conditional
operator. So if i is an even number,
we set message to even otherwise we
set that to odd. Next,
we do a console.log of i and message.
I find this second implementation cleaner and less noisy
but if you use the first implementation that's perfectly fine as well.
Now, save the changes, we get all the numbers,
from 0 to 10.